Update nextjs.mdx (#843)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/quickstarts/nextjs.mdx

# Next.js Quickstart

> Protect your Next.js application with Clerk auth in ten minutes. This guide will show you how to install Clerk, update your middleware and embed our <UserButton /> component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Protect your Next.js application with Clerk auth in ten minutes. This guide will show you how to install Clerk, update your middleware and embed our `<UserButton />` component. 

```

# Next.js Quickstart

> Protect your Next.js application with Clerk auth in ten minutes. This guide will show you how to install Clerk, update your middleware and embed our `<UserButton />` component. 

Reviewer 2: What's the idea behind specifically adding "ten minutes"? I know it can be done in less than that and intuitively, it feels more harmful than helpful to advertise an exact number for setting up Clerk 😱

And if this suggestion is too "wordy", then at the least, let's remove the use of "our".

```suggestion
Protect your Next.js application with Clerk auth in ten minutes. This guide will show you how to install Clerk, add middleware to protect specific routes, and embed the `<UserButton />` component for account management.

```
